# Draw-It-or-Lose-It

  The Gaming Room wants to develop a web-based game, Draw It or Lose It, that serves multiple platforms. Currently, it is only available in an Android App. Gameplay includes four rounds lasting one minute each. Drawings are rendered and fully complete at 30 seconds. If team doesn’t guess the puzzle before time is up, the remaining teams have the chance to offer one guess each to solve the puzzle with a 15 second limit. 
  I feel that I did a particularly good job in my recommendations for the client. After evaluating the needs and what each operating systems requires, I feel that I was able to point the client in the right direction. In terms of what process helped me the most to develop the code, I would have to say the constraints. For me, knowing what NOT to do and what TO do is the greatest tool. When the wants of the client are clear and understood, it makes the rest of the job easy.
  If I had to revise a section of the document, I would probably go more in-depth in the Evaluation section. I think that, while there is good information there, it could hold more for the people reading this document. Sometimes it is hard to identify where to draw the line on how much is too much, too little, or just right. 
  I found that implementing the user's needs was mostly about understanding what their needs specifically were. I was able to take what they were asking for and turn it into a digestable summary of their needs. The first paragraph (my executive summary) was able to grab a good amount of key phrases and objectives needed for the client. With this information, I was then able to decipher exactly the needs of the client.
  
